Welcome to the gen wizard.
Gen wizard is a unified platform powered by GEN A I for new and
disruptive opportunities to reimagine it and drive
agility to meet the client's needs.
Firstly log in to gen wizard and click on the get started button.
Make sure your workspace and projects set up are done.
Click on project, you have created or create a new one.
Next on the left pane select generate code, classical lab
app option under design and implement options are provided to
generate code from FD and generate code through my prompt.
Select generate code from FD.
Next click on upload FD,
upload document pop up will appear browse a FD file and click on upload button.
After selecting FD, click on upload button,
you'll see the generated code in the response section.
You can also generate code from prompts. Click on generate code through my prompt.
You can now put in a custom prompt,
click send button,
you'll see the generated code in the response section.
Click on the icon for prompt library
filter on SAP to shortlist, sap prompts
select a prompt from SAP prompt list and click try now
code for the selected prompt is generated.